Use `AnnotationMirrorSet` and remove usages of `Set<AnnotationMirror>` (#790)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

Improvements in `framework-test` to more consistently handle tests that do not use
`-Anomsgtext`.

> Changed return type of TaintingAnnotatedTypeFactory#getEnumConstructorQualifiers from `Set<AnnotationMirror>` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed the return type of `AnnotatedTypeFactory#getEnumConstructorQualifiers` from `Set<AnnotationMirror>` to
```
